Add scsynth wasm build (#7428)
supercollider/supercollider: README_WASM.md

Additionally, the following environment variables needs to be specified which should look something like

```
EMSDK=/Users/scheiba/github/emsdk;EMSDK_NODE=/Users/scheiba/github/emsdk/node/22.16.0_64bit/bin/node;EMSDK_PYTHON=/Users/scheiba/github/emsdk/python/3.13.3_64bit/bin/python3;SSL_CERT_FILE=/Users/scheiba/github/emsdk/python/3.13.3_64bit/lib/python3.13/site-packages/certifi/cacert.pem
```

and the following CMake options should be set

```
-DCMAKE_TOOLCHAIN_FILE=/Users/scheiba/github/emsdk/upstream/emscripten/cmake/Modules/Platform/Emscripten.cmake -DSC_EL=no  -DSUPERNOVA=no  -DSC_HIDAPI=no  -DNO_LIBSNDFILE=yes  -DSC_QT=no  -DNO_AVAHI=yes  -DSC_ABLETON_LINK=no  -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE="Release" -Wno-dev -DSSE=no -DSSE2=no -DNO_X11=yes -DAUDIOAPI=webaudio
```

## Credits

The first implementation of scsynth in wasm has been written by Hanns Holger Rutz (Sciss).

The current implementation, which is enhanced by using AudioWorklets, does not retain any of the implementation from Hanns Holger Rutz except for a few lines of CMake and the demo SynthDef `gcd`.

## License

scsynth and sclang are licensed via GPL-3.0.

> The wasm binding of sclang and scsynth is licensed via AGPL-3.0.

Reviewer: They aren't bound together.

```suggestion
The wasm bindings of both sclang and scsynth are licensed via AGPL-3.0.
```

Is this right, that sclang is aglp here too?

Author: Removed the sclang binding since this should be added in the sclang wasm PR.
